# QRCoder

## Info 

QRCoder is a simple library, written in C#.NET, which enables you to create QR Codes. It's licensed under the MIT-license.

Feel free to grab-up/fork the project and make it better!

For more information visit:

(German) => http://code-bude.net/2013/10/17/qrcoder-eine-open-source-qr-code-implementierung-in-csharp/

(English) => http://en.code-bude.net/2013/10/17/qrcoder-an-open-source-qr-code-generator-implementation-in-csharp/
 

## Legal information and credits

QRCoder is project by [Raffael Herrmann](http://raffaelherrmann.de) and was first released 
in 10/2013. It's licensed under the MIT license.


* * *


##Installation

Either checkout this Github repository or install QRCoder via NuGet Package Manager. If you want to use NuGet just search for "QRCoder" or run the following command in the NuGet Package Manager console:
```
PM> Install-Package QRCoder
```

*Note: The NuGet feed only contains stable releases. If you wan't the latest build add one of the following urls to the "Package Sources" of Visual Studio's NuGet Package Manager options.*

*NuGet V3 feed URL (Visual Studio 2015+):* `https://www.myget.org/F/qrcoder/api/v3/index.json`

*NuGet V2 feed URL (Visual Studio 2012+):* `https://www.myget.org/F/qrcoder/api/v2`



##Usage

After referencing the QRCoder.dll in your project, you only need four lines of code, to generate and view your first QR code.

```
QRCodeGenerator qrGenerator = new QRCodeGenerator();
QRCodeData qrCodeData = qrGenerator.CreateQrCode("The text which should be encoded.", QRCodeGenerator.ECCLevel.Q);
QRCode qrCode = new QRCode(qrCodeData);
Bitmap qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20);
```

###Overloads
The GetGraphics-method has 3 more overloads. The first two enable you to set the color of the QR code graphic. One uses Color-class-types, the other HTML hex color notation.

```
//Set color by using Color-class types
Bitmap qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20, Color.DarkRed, Color.PaleGreen);

//Set color by using HTML hex color notation
Bitmap qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20, "#000ff0", "#0ff000");
```

The third overload enables you to render a logo/image in the center of the QR code.

```
Bitmap qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20, Color.Black, Color.White, "C:\\Path\\to\\logo.jpg", 20);
```

###QR code in Unity

If you want to render QR codes in Unity, just use UnityQRCode instead of QRCode class.

```
QRCodeGenerator qrGenerator = new QRCodeGenerator();
QRCodeData qrCodeData = qrGenerator.CreateQrCode("The text which should be encoded.", QRCodeGenerator.ECCLevel.Q);
UnityQRCode qrCode = new UnityQRCode(qrCodeData);
Texture2D qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20);
```

###Vectorized QR code as SVG file

If you want to render QR code in vector format as SVG file, just use SvgQRCode instead of QRCode class.

```
QRCodeGenerator qrGenerator = new QRCodeGenerator();
QRCodeData qrCodeData = qrGenerator.CreateQrCode("The text which should be encoded.", QRCodeGenerator.ECCLevel.Q);
SvgQRCode qrCode = new SvgQRCode(qrCodeData);
string qrCodeImage = qrCode.GetGraphic(20);
```

The string *qrCodeImage* contains the QR code as SVG formatted string. Either you pass the string to a control which can render SVG or just save it with FileWriter or StreamWriter class. 


##PayloadGenerator.cs - Generate QR code payloads

Technically QR code is just a visual representation of a text/string. Nevertheless most QR code readers can read "special" QR codes which trigger different actions. For example: WiFi-QRcodes which, when scanned by smartphone, let the smartphone join an access point automatically.

This "special" QR codes are generated by using special structured payload string, when generating the QR code. The PayloadGenerator.cs class helps you to generate this payload strings. To generate a WiFi payload for example, you need just this one line of code:

```
PayloadGenerator.WiFi wifiPayload = new PayloadGenerator.WiFi("MyWiFi-SSID", "MyWiFi-Pass", PayloadGenerator.WiFi.Authentication.WPA);
```

To generate a QR code from this payload, just call the "ToString()"-method and pass it to the QRCoder.

```
//[...]
QRCodeData qrCodeData = qrGenerator.CreateQrCode(wifiPayload.ToString(), QRCodeGenerator.ECCLevel.Q);
//[...]
```

The PayloadGenerator supports the following types of payloads:

* Bookmark
* Geolocation
* Mail
* MMS
* Phonenumber
* SMS
* URL
* WiFi
* Bitcoin Payment Address
* Skype call
* Calendar events (iCal/vEvent)
